# Experiment 2 Contents (Illusory Tempo: Motor Split Range)

- **arduino_routine/arduino_routine.ino:** C++ code for running the experiment on an Arduino with attached force-sensitive resistor and Wave Shield. The Arduino should be connected via USB to the computer running experiment.py.
- **data/**
  - **ITMSR_\*.csv:** Tables containing all raw data from each individual participant, as output by experiment.py. The file name corresponds to the participant's ID number.
  - **audiometry.csv:** Table containing all participants' hearing thresholds.
- **preparation/Tone Generation (IT-MSR).ipynb:** Python code used for generating the stimulus tone WAV files.
- **stimuli/:**
  - **normalized/tone\*.wav:** Loudness-normalized versions of the sound files generated by Tone Generation.ipynb. Normalization was performed using a sound level meter, with adjustments to the WAV files made using Audacity. The file name corresponds to the pitch of the tone.
  - **raw/tone\*.wav:** The raw sound files generated by Tone Generation.ipynb, prior to loudness normalization. The file name corresponds to the pitch of the tone.
- **experiment.py:** Python code for running the experiment as a PsychoPy study. Requires the computer to be connected via USB to the Arduino running arduino_routine/arduino_routine.ino.


# Data Codebook for Experiment 2

## Raw Data Codebook
The following are the columns present in the ITMSR_*.csv raw data files.

- **pitch:** The ordinal rank of the pitch height used on that trial, within the participant's assigned register. 0 indicates the lowest of the six pitches in that register (i.e., A2 or D#5) and 6 indicates the highest (i.e., D#5 or A7).
- **ioi:** The interonset interval (in milliseconds) of the pacing signal during the synchronization phase of the trial.
- **event:** The type of trial that each row of data originates from. Event types could be one of the following:
  - SPR: The spontaneous motor tempo measurement at the start of the experiment. (We originally called it spontaneous production rate, but later adopted SMT over SPR in the actual manuscript because their self-paced taps did not generate auditory feedback.)
  - practice: One of the six practice trials for the synchronization-continuation task.
  - trial: One of the main synchronization-continuation tapping trials.
- **.thisRepN:** Unused and always 0; automatically logged by PsychoPy.
- **.thisTrialN:** Trial number, as logged by PsychoPy. The main experimental trials range from 6-125, with the practice trials being 0-5.
- **.thisN:** Unused and always identical to .thisTrialN.
- **.thisIndex:** Unused and always identical to .thisTrialN.
- **tap_types:** For each tap onset during that trial, indicates whether the tap was during the synchronization ("S") or continuation ("C") phase of the trial. Taps made before the first synchronization tone appear as "B", and taps during the SMT task are marked as "P".
- **tap_times:** The time (in milliseconds) of the onset of each tap on that trial, relative to the start of the Arduino routine (i.e., the number returned by the Arduino's millis() function at the onset of the tap).
- **release_times:** The time (in milliseconds) that each tap on that trial was released, relative to the start of the Arduino routine.
- **peak_pressures:** The most intense pressure value recorded by the force-sensitive resistor during each tap on that trial. The FSR's pressure values range from 0 to 255.
- **peak_times:** The time (in milliseconds) that the peak tap pressure was recorded for each tap on that trial, relative to the start of the Arduino routine. 
- **tone_times:** The time (in milliseconds) that each tone began playing, relative to the start of the Arduino routine. Note that this is the time that the tone had finished initializing and begun playing, not the time the call was made to load and play the tone (which would be several milliseconds earlier). The first 8 tones are isochronously spaced synchronization tones, while the remaining 16 tones were triggered by the onsets of the participant's continuation tapss.
- **subject:** The participant's ID number.
- **experimenter:** The initials of the experimenter that conducted the session.
- **register:** The register that the participant was assigned to, either lower ("L") or upper ("U").
- **handedness:** The participant's handedness (R[ight] or L[eft]). We did not monitor whether they always tapped with their dominant hand for the entire experiment, but this is the hand they were most likely to be tapping with.
- **experiment:** Abbreviation for the experiment name. Always ITMSR for Experiment 2 (Illusory Tempo: Motor Split Range).
- **version:** The version number of the experiment code. See comments in experiment.py for notes on version numbers. Version 1.1 was used for all participants.


## Audiometry Data Codebook
The following are the columns present in the audiometry.csv data file. Note that each participant was only tested on one half of the frequency levels, determined by their assigned register.

- **subject:** The participant's ID number.
- **researcher:** The initials of the researcher who conducted the audiogram.
- **125:** The participant's measured hearing threshold for a binaural 125 Hz pure tone.
- **250:** The participant's measured hearing threshold for a binaural 250 Hz pure tone.
- **500:** The participant's measured hearing threshold for a binaural 500 Hz pure tone.
- **1000d:** The participant's measured hearing threshold for a binaural 1000 Hz pure tone.
- **1000u:** The participant's measured hearing threshold for a binaural 1000 Hz pure tone.
- **2000:** The participant's measured hearing threshold for a binaural 2000 Hz pure tone.
- **4000:** The participant's measured hearing threshold for a binaural 4000 Hz pure tone.
- **8000:** The participant's measured hearing threshold for a binaural 8000 Hz pure tone.
